No!
Are you all right wife
It's okay, come on.
Are you okay wife
How could this be?
Brother, I told you 5.
Are you all right?
You're a liar!
Yes, I used to be a liar.
But no one can trust you.
You finally admit that you are a liar.
So there you go.
Okay, okay, don't cry, second goods
What I just said is true
But you have to listen to me sooner and it won't be like this
Honey, you have to testify to me.
I warned him just now.
I really don't blame you.
However, it is not a pity for these two scum to die
It's a pity that this uncle has such good cultivation
But because of his greed for evil, he caused him to eat evil bones
quantity
Silly you
What's a pity?
Unknown in this world
There are more people who are better than him
Really?
Then I must practice Taoism well after I go home
In the future, I will be like the old dragon king
You don't need Dragon King Jade to resist these villains
Good idea.
Wife
Did you hate you at the time?
It's not me, it's also for the sake of the world
Why don't we go back and take a break?
OK
All right. All right.